emphasised the changes of dependency names for the 1.14 release (#17391)
apache/flink: docs/content.zh/release-notes/flink-1.14.md

[here]({{< ref "docs/deployment/memory/mem_setup_tm" >}}) for documentation how to configure memory
for Flink. The proper solution can be tracked in [FLINK-24302](https://issues.apache.org/jira/browse/FLINK-24302).

### Summary of changed dependency names

> There are are two changes in Flink 1.14. that might require updating dependency names

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are are two changes in Flink 1.14 that require updating dependency names
```

when upgrading to Flink 1.14 from earlier versions.

> * The removal of the blink planner ([FLINK-22879](#remove-blink-suffix-from-table-modules))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The removal of the Blink planner ([FLINK-22879](#remove-blink-suffix-from-table-modules))
```

   requires the removal of the `blink` infix.

> * Due to [FLINK-14105](#make-flink-runtime-scala-free) making the Flink runtime scala free
>    in case you got a dependency on `flink-runtime`, `flink-optimizer` and/or `flink-queryable-state-runtime` the Scala suffix (`_2.11`/`_2.12`) needs to be removed from the artifactId.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Due to [FLINK-14105](#make-flink-runtime-scala-free) (making the Flink runtime scala-free)
   in case you have a dependency on `flink-runtime`, `flink-optimizer`, or `flink-queryable-state-runtime`, the Scala suffix (`_2.11`/`_2.12`) needs to be removed from the artifactId.
```
